RT Nominating William Barr as Attorney General is one of the best decisions President Trump has made
RT Democrats were elected to #ProtectOurCare and that’s exactly what we’re going to do We’ll continue to stand up to Tru…
I’m with you Bad man Lied in his confirmation hearings lied https://t.co/SBk5a8YdDH
Schumer Barr does ‘not deserve to be attorney general if he thinks Trump can end investigations https://t.co/46D0RPhExE
RT Incredible Now confirmed “FBI Sent Investigator Posing as Assistant to Meet With Trump Aide in 2016” It’s absolutely…
RT _ So NOW we know (belatedly from NYT which is trying to get out in front of criticism they chased the wrong story for past…
RT What the hell does Trump have on Lindsey Graham?
Lindsey Graham says he won't call for Robert Mueller to testify befor…
RT Thanks to Trump people are usin the word "God more often Such as "Dear God what horrible thing have we done to deser…
RT Amid Trump suits to block their subpoenas Democrats are hitting the gas pedal on their probes into Trump's finances inclu…
RT Here’s a doozy Seems Lindsey had much in common with those Trump critics he now attacks https://t.co/0RITxcpt9D
RT We won't stand for the Trump administration's latest rule which will leave patients—especially women girls and LGBTQI pe…
RT This is just the tip of the iceberg Obama's FBI lied about when they started targeting Trump and his campaign they lied abo…
RT Incredible Now confirmed “FBI Sent Investigator Posing as Assistant to Meet With Trump Aide in 2016” It’s absolutely…
RT The gaslighting coming from Democrats and their friends in the media trying to convince us that the Obama Administratio…
Lol Clown The Constitution gives Congress the responsibility to conduct oversight of th https://t.co/aRr1rpsjyW
RT _brundige We have Jared Ivanka Eric Trump's brother in law news prev employees Bill Barr who thin…
RT Let's review: Russia launched huge attack on our election to elect Trump US law enforcement investigated that atta…
RT _guttenberg What is it that they will blow up our democracy over What is it that they do not want America to know I get Trump…
RT Biden said Trump is a good Man Biden said Pence is a good Man Biden said Cheney is a good Man but when it comes to Hilla…
RT "China if you're listening why don't you get trump's tax returns I'm sure our media will richly reward you.
Hillary C…
RT It’s time to begin impeachment proceedings against AG Barr He prejudged the report falsely accused the FBI of spying li…
RT Its ridiculous to argue Mueller’s report isn’t political when his staff were mostly partisan active Dems many contributo…
She helped to dig a grave for the Democrats They have one foot in it already and the oth https://t.co/Z0thKaopu1
RT I used to work for a spy agency This is called “spying https://t.co/KKdNIsqHsd
RT Recent increases in immigration at the Southwest border have forced the Trump administration to scramble and build two new te…
Watch Trump dump him just as the feds get close to arresting him.
RT _katyal White House is about to launch a distraction effort to obscure Barr’s duplicitous performance Don’t fall for it Mueller…
RT Neocons/Neolibs &amp MSM all sing from the same songsheet War war war!!
Trump never gets positive media unless he's threat…
RT So basically Bob Mueller was upset that the media wasn’t attacking Trump enough after he concluded his witch-hunt Mueller…
Weren’t you upset that Mark Sanford lost The “moral failing of Trump’s that bothers you is that he https://t.co/jUukzksko6
RT Now that the hammer is about to fall on U.S intel officials for spying on Trump campaign the N.Y.Times tries to spin…
Just when I think Trump has outdone himself oh he outdoes himself.
RT _K If Sally Yates replaced as President America would be great again Make sure the illegitimate poser in the…
RT Pelosi Bill Barr lied That’s a crime.
Pelosi Trump refusing to answer subpoenas is obstruction of justice.
Everybody So wh…
RT Chuck Schumer has written to Bill Barr saying that he's "particularly troubled by Barr's testimony yesterday about Trump…
RT Kamala Harris on CNN responds to Trump calling her 'nasty' "His primary interest has been to obstruct justice My primar…
RT BREAKING (CNN) Former DNI Clapper Says Trump Campaign "Aided and Abetted Russians This is what I've been arguing since…
RT Lives are at stake I’m on my way to vote to override Donald Trump’s veto of our bipartisan resolution to stop U.S involve…
RT For not spying on the Trump campaign there sure was a lot of spying on the Trump campaign.
RT _baylorcook If you support Trump you embrace racism You embrace hatred You embrace bigotry You embrace se…
RT ***BREAKING NOW NY Times reporting the FBI sent agent "posing as a research assistant to meet Trump campaign aide in 201…
RT This is an absolutely AMAZING take on President Trump &amp the take on the U S Financial position A great read!!
?????? …
RT You know for any reasonable person to read through the Mueller report it is clear that Trump obstructed justi…
RT AG Barr is arguing that President Trump should have been allowed to halt the investigation into the following people: H…
RT Here is the complete exchange via CSPAN between Kamala Harris and Bill Barr including the part where Barr couldn't sa…
RT The truth will come out Senator Graham The house of Trump will come crashing down eventually and…
I’m surprised trump hasn’t awarded himself one The idea of the award is valueless now.
RT JUST IN Trump accuses Kamala Harris of being "very nasty to Barr https://t.co/wmNwgmwRqK https://t.co/gAznbJ0Abo
RT Barr is a coward He was a no show for today’s House Judiciary hearing because he knows he couldn’t get through more questioni…
RT As I see it there is a “conflict of interest in the Mueller investigation President Trump has an interest in obstructi…
RT Chuck Schumer has written to Bill Barr saying that he's "particularly troubled by Barr's testimony yesterday about Trump…
RT A Republican Congress held Obama AG Eric Holder in Contempt of Congress for partisan nonsense.
Trump AG William Barr is…
Keep America Grate POTS Trump is evrey God fearing Americans Presedent.. Temp:Crab Orchard Ky.:80.4°F
RT Hmmmmmm...Where are all those Trump haters?
Looks like this President does care about our Nation's children.
What a great…
RT JW announced that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications and payments between the FBI &amp f…
RT Yesterday media/Dems *flipped out over Mueller complaining he didn't get to massage the (disappointing to Russia Truther…
RT We've descended from "Trump is a treasonous asset of the Kremlin who conspired with Russia over the election to "Bill Barr…
RT "The corruption Trump has fostered goes to the top of DOJ We have an AG who has shamelessly corrupted our political con…
RT .
The more that critics attack you for your support of Trump the more you dig in The more Trump misconduct you…
RT The Trump admin just filed a brief trying to dismantle the ENTIRE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT.
-130 million people w/pre-existing…
RT Funny how the censorship always only works one way If you're a leftist you can get away with almost anything on …
RT Tiger Woods is expected to visit the White House next week where he will be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Presiden…
Trump easing offshore drilling safety rules that stemmed from the BP Deepwater Horizon disaster https://t.co/PhdOsYCyfK
RT Hillary Clinton claims that she is “living rent-free inside President Donald Trump’s head and that “it’s not a very nic…
RT BREAKING The Trump supporter Stephen Taubert who made RACIST death threats to Maxine Waters and Barack Obama has been…
RT _ If Senate Judiciary Committee Chair Lindsey Graham subpoenas the following FBI agents to testify under oath - Gregory Mon…
RT BOOM Trump Files New Federal Lawsuit to Fight Congress Subpoenas Sends Bold Message to House Dems About time.......…
RT The gaslighting coming from Democrats and their friends in the media trying to convince us that the Obama Administratio…
RT Great news.. fill them up.. #jjs5547 Senate confirms Trump's 100th judicial nominee https://t.co/8tEoAY0Yig
RT 2 There's never been a serious conversation on whether Trump's conduct meets the definition of aiding and abetting not…
RT _ BREAKING AG Barr testified today that "I'm not going to back off the word spying to describe covert intelligence operati…
RT The president’s presumptive pick for the Federal Reserve Board Stephen Moore has withdrawn from being considered for the…
RT "President Trump has taken steps to ensure that the Federal Government will never ever penalize anyone for their religious…
RT Do you notice that Bernie Sanders and comment on every single current event to use it against Trump yet stayed eer…
RT Disturbing to learn that FBI leadership didn’t just abuse FISA to spy on Carter Page.
They literally sent spies to try…
RT Seems like a pretty big deal that the FBI was spying on a presidential campaign https://t.co/4MqRE4h5eo
I'm posting this for some of you guys It's worth watching and thinking abo https://t.co/1HJmFsibAp
RT .
to AG Barr "Why don't you start focusing more on protecting and defending the Constitution of the United States?"
http…
Didn’t Trump already do that?
RT QUOTE OF THE DAY Kamala Harris response to Trump calling her 'nasty' "His primary interest has been to obstruct just…
Trump and the entire Republican Party are all a bunch of liars They are crooks and should not be trusted.
RT Let's review: Russia launched huge attack on our election to elect Trump US law enforcement investigated that atta…
RT Trump approval rating on race relations via new poll: White: 49 approve 45 disapprove Non-white: 19 approve 75 d…
RT 25 Every media segment on Trump-Russia should have two parts—the length of each depending on the news of the day—a polit…
_Trump_Train Reality https://t.co/rHYp3t56Dr
Watching Trump v Wilson at the #Crucible Complete farce in frame 4 any more like that from Wilson and I think h https://t.co/WZauh9JjTS
RT #BREAKING Per White House counsel Emmett Flood sent Attorney General Barr a letter blasting the Mueller report and…
RT Democrats are so angry with AG Barr they’re acting like he had a secret meeting on the tarmac with Trump family.
RT NOW THAT MUELLER IS DONE Via NYT "F.B.I Sent Investigator Posing as Assistant to Meet With Trump Aide in 2016."
Papa…
RT .
is a lawyer who plans to CALL #SCOTUS CHIEF JUSTICE JOHN ROBERTS &amp;URGE HIM TO INVESTI…
You certainly can How are people like mitch McConnell and Donald Trump n https://t.co/2hF862cuTq
RT House votes to block Trump from exiting Paris climate accord https://t.co/Cdf589XeHc https://t.co/ErzBhb8HJe
I’m sorry it invokes those memories for you I shared a quote that Biden actually said.
https://t.co/17I4kTQNOg
RT Jerry Nadler Democrats were not so fast and furious to give these documents #Tucker #Hannity #Tcot #Ccot #Qanon #MAGA #BarrHe…
RT Stacy too had good qualities just like Stacy brings an extra other block S…
RT When ? joked re Russia getting Hillary’s illegally destroyed emails Dems said “colluding with RUSSIA…
RT Chuck Schumer has written to Bill Barr saying that he's "particularly troubled by Barr's testimony yesterday about Trump…
RT Lives are at stake I’m on my way to vote to override Donald Trump’s veto of our bipartisan resolution to stop U.S involve…
President Donald Trump three of his children - Donald Jr. Eric and Ivanka - and his business are sui https://t.co/idWVoqfh2i
RT Barr It's not a crime to demand others to lie to investigators Trump It's not a crime to collude with a foreign power to u…